For the audit, I have found a couple issues. Everything except the accessibility has a good score, performance is at 98, best practices is at 100, and SEO is at 90, while the PWA seems to be not counted while accessibility is at 81. 
There could definitely be some improvement to the accessibility of the website to increase the score, but overall while running through the website without the devtools, the site is pretty accessible. One of the accessibility features that stands out is the ability to change the font, to change between three options, larger, smaller, and the original font. 
There are a few issues with the performance, mainly that the image elements do not have explicit width and height, and there are 8 resources found for “Serve static assets with an efficient cache policy.” In addition, there are 5 chains found for the “Avoid chaining critical requests” error, there are 12 requests in total and 675 KB for the transfer size, and one large layout shift. The last issue is there are two long tasks a part of the “Avoid long main-thread tasks” issue.
The accessibility portion is where most of the issues are, starting with AIRA. The “ARIA IDs are not unique,” and in the names and labels section, the “Form elements don’t have associated labels.” The “Background and foreground colors also don’t have a sufficient contrast ratio,” which causes issues in reading the text. There is one issue for SEO, which is that the “Document doesn’t have a meta description.” 
	There are multiple errors for PWA, of which it doesn’t even give a score which assumes that it is non-applicable, but the errors include “Web manifest or service worker does not meet the instability requirements” because the page has no manifest <link> URL. It is also “Not configured for a custom splash screen” and “Does not set a theme color for the address bar.” The last two issues are that it “Doesn’t provide a valid apple-touch-icon” and “Manifest doesn’t have a maskable icon.” 
	There is also another error, this time with the Permissions-Policy header: “Origin trial controlled feature enabled ‘interest-cohort’.” The loading time for the performance is quite fast, 2873 ms in total, with most of the ms belonging to the scripting element, clocking at 2538 ms, while the loading is set at 42 ms. 
	For the statistics portion of the Memory section, it shows that it takes up 4643 kB in total, with most of the memory space being taken up by typed arrays, system objects, and code, with the numbers clocking in at 223 kB, 325 kB, and 418 kB respectively. 
	The site’s security overview checks out, with the page being secure and having a valid HTTPS, the certificate is valid and trusted, the connection is secure and encrypted, and the resources are all served securely. 
	The site’s performance, security and memory checks through devtools are all concrete and have no issues, but when running a second devtools check I got a “Failure to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()” which is interesting considering that the page still came up, and when checking the Memory tab and taking a snapshot to see if the Memory usage had changed to check for a possible leak, it dropped down to 2089 kB from the previous 4643 kB on my pervious snapshot scan. 
	Overall, the most issues that are found with this website are through the audit, with most of the issues in the audit being part of the accessibility, which considering that in discussion there had been talks about improving and adding more accessibility, knowing that it’s where most of the issues are leads to some measure of disappointment. However, it’s also good that the audit was run because otherwise the issues of the website and code wouldn’t be known. 
